Question 4.
Create your own stack functions to do the following: a. List all the elements in the stack b. Iterate through the stack and change one of the values based on its position.

In this program, we are asked to create our own stack function that will list all the elements in a stack and can iterate through the stack and change one of the values based on its position. I used an array based stack to hold the elements. In the header we have a class that is arrStack. I set maxStackSize, stackTop, arr to private variables. I then add many functions that will create and manage the stack. The initialize stack function takes a size as a parameter and makes an array of size. It also sets top to zero. 
I add isStackEmpty and isStackFull functions to quickly tell if a stack is empty or full for other functions. The push function takes in data and adds it to the top of the stack. The top then goes on to the next spot in the array. If the stack is full, it will print a message. The pop function removes the top of the stack. If the stack is empty, it will print a message. Next we have a destructor to deallocate memory. The printStack function checks if the stack is empty. If it is not empty, then it will print the element in the stack and decrement it. The getTop function gets the element at the top of the stack. The changeDatainLocation function takes in arrLocation and data as parameters. It then checks if arrLocation is greater than stackTop and if it is, it will be invalid. The iterator points to the top of the stack. If the iterator is not the arrLocation, then it will decrease until it is the same value. Once it is the same location, the new data changes the old data. In the main function, I pushed some numbers in the stack and printed the stack.

Video for Question 4: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1Sgk6gGwH4
