Question 3.
Test a stack's speed (with millions of operations) as to which is faster: an array based stack or a linked list based stack. 

In this question we are asked to test stack’s speed by using millions of operations to see which is faster: an array based stack or a linked list based stack. I added my array based stack from question 4 and created a linked list stack. In the linked list stack, I created a node and data to begin the linked list operations. In the LLStack class there are some functions to create and manage stacks. The isStackEmpty returns true if top points to nullptr meaning that the stack is empty. The push function creates a new node and sets the value of the node to the data inputted. The new node then points to the top. Then newNode becomes the top. The pop function first checks if the stack is empty. If it is then it creates a new node and makes the node equal to top. Top then points to the next element in the stack making it the new top. It then deletes the node. The print function does a while loop through the stack until it is empty. In the source file, we have two functions to test each stack's speed. In the arrStackTest, I create an array stack and test it with 5 millions operations of push and pop. I do the same with the LLStackTest. In the main function, I used the timing functions to time each stack test. The results were that the array based stack test took 584 milliseconds to complete and the linked list based stack test took 1728 milliseconds to complete. Through this test, we can see that array based stack is faster. 


Video for Question 3: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tG1wJjG--Mg
